
=head1 NAME

Date::Holidays::AU - Determine Australian Public Holidays

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Date::Holidays::AU qw( is_holiday );
  my ($year, $month, $day) = (localtime)[ 5, 4, 3 ];
  $year  += 1900;
  $month += 1;
  my ($state) = 'VIC';
  print "Excellent\n" if is_holiday( $year, $month, $day, $state );

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module makes an attempt at describing Australian holidays using the 
interface defined L<Date::Holidays::Abstract>, which defines two methods, 
is_holiday and holidays.

=head1 Functions

=item is_holiday($year, $month, $day, $state, $params)

returns true or false depending to whether or not the date in question
is a holiday according to the state and the additional parameters.

=item holidays($year, $state, %params)

Returns a hashref of all defined holidays in the year according 
to the state and the additional parameters. Keys in the hashref 
are in 'mmdd' format, the values are the names of the
holidays.

The states may be 'VIC','WA','NT','QLD','TAS','NSW','SA' or 'ACT'.  The 
default state is 'VIC'.  The following tables lists the allowable parameters
for each state;

   State  Parameter             Default   Values
   VIC    no_melbourne_cup	0         1 | 0
   NT     region		'Darwin'  'Alice Springs' | 'Tennant Creek' | 'Katherine' | 'Darwin' | 'Borrolooda'
   QLD    no_show_day		0         1 | 0
   NSW    include_bank_holiday	0         1 | 0
   ACT    include_bank_holiday	0         1 | 0
   TAS    holidays              []        'Devonport Cup','King Island Show','Launceston Cup','Hobart Show','Recreation Day','Burnie Show','Agfest','Launceston Show','Flinders Island Show'

=head1 AUTHOR

David Dick <ddick@cpan.org>

=head1 PREREQUISITES

Uses B<Date::Easter> for easter calculations. Makes use of the B<Time::Local> 
modules from the standard Perl distribution.

=head1 BUGS

Support for WA's Queen's Birthday holiday only consists of hard-coded values.
Further investigation is needed.  Therefore WA is not supported after 2007.
 
=head1 COPYRIGHT

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Date::Holidays::Abstract>, L<Date::Holiday::DE>, L<Date::Holiday::UK>

=cut

